hello good to all I'm maximum we're
here a new video of gta 5 the one in a
death match that I created only
exclusively to test the cars
new that in my case I have no money
to buy me all or turn the
so I created a little game here
to test them all with all of you
I have not tried it like that I've picked up a couple of
cars to see how they were going and such but what
that I'll try Libya, I 'm going to see,
evaluate them so to speak with all
you ale is to say that then for
the afternoon or later I'll upload another
video in which all the games are
you will have the description to be able to play
if you want to play them too and try them
the vehicles then later upload
some of aircraft or golden luxor
and the golden helicopter to test
see your mobility and it does not make me do
illusion to prove it since they are 10 million
what the luxor costs and no no I'm not going
to buy, that is, I am going to try it
I mean half laugh and they are not at all
more so well we have here by
example the hot class car that does not
it looks good but it has not
finished liking his handling or anything
I think there are nicer cars than this one
and good to tell you that it is not tuned
in none but they also change with their
respect some others do not change anything
of appearance since not in the holy just
lets us tune it so we do not have
here the engraving that I do not see it very very
nice I do not finish liking his
inside
we have to see it also let's see
does not have time this is a windows
mother manuals mine kid good the
normal steering wheel and everything else is
simple to see what else we have for
here we have this car that class
Classical Classics Classical Classics
seriously it 's a car that looks like an egg
behind the truth does not finish me
like this car either, so
thank God I have not bought it and what
only I like are the tubes of
escape that everyone has left and
right is very cool your interior is
just like the other just that the
Windows do not have them from manual I do not know
where it is maintained or is it is not
can lower the window mother of mine worse
you still know it's a very old car
only that the door is also cool
very much how the kinematics of the
doll when it comes and goes
very managed to see if the
door almost not only low good
let's see let's see what more cars we have
over here we have the super class car
well we also have another one here that does not
I know if this is new or what is exposed here
because I feel like we exist, I do not think
that inside also and
it's the same as everyone, well, nothing three
same cars now let's see the
sports car I hope it's not for
inside like all the others because
then they already asked me to commit suicide
I will slow suicide falls within
baseline is worth at least the
interior is like the environment I do not know if
having also has the same but
he's cool he's cool bad good is
say that this car looks a lot like
to a ferrari if you see it in red because it
it looks a lot more in red although this one
it's a little more busted because
tested its speed
now we're going to lose speed though
I do not think that surpasses my environment but
We will do the test more
go ahead since a long time ago
that a voice is of speed or of
shields if I see that you like this guy
of videos because today or tomorrow I will upload a
type of shielding and speed and such
see which are the most running and
well we have already taught the cars of
classes bólidos we have also taught to
Classical sports cars and
we have also taught the cars
sports I liked the most with
relation to paintings and types and
personality these are the ones that take
the palm here I have put all or
I've even put so many
but each and every one in a way
different 4 decade to see what kind of
textures and colors we see the texture
to call it in some way the
textures are let's say the ways of
vehicle and then the color then the color
so good the textures these are
triangular I do not know exactly how they are
will be iluminatis type I do not know but it has
very much liked only that not to the hundred
per cent the one that I liked a lot is
this one in green only that is not what
You will have a thumbnail in the video
I guess and is one of the cars more
I liked with the painting there is a
little interest and you have given us account
it turns out that there is a yeti in the mirror
in the doors in the textures not in the
color but in the textures that is like
hidden is like I do not know showing something
that nobody knows what the jet is and that it is
out there hanging around and we still have not
found good we continue here that
more we have are these cars that are
normal currents put 1 decade for
that you see the type of colors and such this
I liked it a lot because it's very
striking colors
I will not go with such a striking car
down the street that is to say it did not finish me
to like a lot
this one if I liked these
textures I liked a lot in
tiger leopard plan or do not know but cool
very much the yellow has rubbed me
very much is very handsome can I
ask for this car and then we also have
one that is like a snake has put it
also golden or I do not know what color is this
here you have all the cars all
textures types all the all
new dlc cars looks comfortable you see
that has everything very luxurious and does not
bet handsome mola mola so much and I have not
used to see if the speed also
It depends very much not only the color
the outside claims an acceleration and
does not have speed because with that then
I do not like it that good for aesthetics
hesitate with friends, yes
It's cool but I do not like the only
car that catches me I'll do the safest
will be the ferrari the car this where is
is that this one that is here will be the
only that I catch all the others as
advice, I do not know if you have money for
you catch it if they are not worth nothing
honestly so good guys nothing
more we will know it in another video in the
who taught the look
and nothing else I hope you liked it
this video life favorites but if not
you are and see you in the next video
Greetings and see you next time
goodbye